README.md, before:


<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->

# RPSHA

<!-- badges: start -->

[![GitHub
license](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-green.svg)](https://github.com/wltcwpf/RPSHA/blob/master/LICENSE.md)
[![Report
Issues!](https://img.shields.io/badge/Report%20Issues-Here-1abc9c.svg)](https://github.com/wltcwpf/RPSHA/issues)
[![Open Source?
Yes!](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open%20Source-Yes-green.svg)](https://github.com/wltcwpf/RPSHA)
<!-- badges: end -->

RPSHA stands for Regional Probabilistic Seismic Hazard Assessment. This
package is developed to conduct the conventional PSHA for independent
sites in California using UCERF3 source model. More importantly, this
package implements LASSO regression for event selection and ground
motion map selection to assess seismic hazard for regional distributed
infrastructures that are no longer independent but spatially
distributed.

Note, this package is still under development.

## Installation

You can install the development version from
[GitHub](https://github.com/) with:

``` r
# install.packages("devtools")
library(devtools)
devtools::install_github("wltcwpf/RPSHA")
```

Commit message:

uploading functions for event selection

README.md, after:


<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->

# RPSHA

<!-- badges: start -->

[![GitHub
license](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-green.svg)](https://github.com/wltcwpf/RPSHA/blob/master/LICENSE.md)
[![Report
Issues!](https://img.shields.io/badge/Report%20Issues-Here-1abc9c.svg)](https://github.com/wltcwpf/RPSHA/issues)
[![Open Source?
Yes!](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open%20Source-Yes-green.svg)](https://github.com/wltcwpf/RPSHA)
<!-- badges: end -->

RPSHA stands for Regional Probabilistic Seismic Hazard Assessment. This
package is developed to implement LASSO regression for event and ground
motion map selection. It also includes some functions to conduct
converntional site-based PSHA in California using UCERF3 source model.

Note, the ground motion map selection is still under development.

## Installation

You can install the development version from
[GitHub](https://github.com/) with:

``` r
# install.packages("devtools")
library(devtools)
devtools::install_github("wltcwpf/RPSHA")
```

## Usage

Please check out [wiki](https://github.com/wltcwpf/RPSHA/wiki) for more
detailed instructions!

## Issues

Please report any running issues or leave your comments on the
[Issues](https://github.com/wltcwpf/RPSHA/issues) page!
